0:00
In this video, you're going to learn how to create Anki flashcards using ChatGPT.
0:05
Okay, so we're going to start by importing our dependencies. So essentially, I'm going to import
0:09
OS to access the OpenAI API key in my environment as my environment variable. I'm going to import
0:15
OpenAI clipboard to get the content from my clipboard. And then Json to save stuff as a Json.
0:24
Here's what we're going to do. First, we're going to set up an OpenAI API key.
0:29
Then we're going to get the content from my clipboard. So here I'm getting the content
0:35
from my clipboard. And the idea is I'm going to copy some text from whatever from a paper,
0:41
from a website, etc. And I'm going to run the script. And that's it. I'm going to copy some text,
0:47
run the script. And when I run the script, it's going to access the content on my clipboard.
0:51
And from there is going to create the Enki flashcards by sending a request to the ChatGPT
0:57
API. So let's create a conversation with the ChatGPT. I'm going to set up the role for the
1:06
system as a helpful assistant. Before I had set up this as your helpful assistant that creates
1:12
Anki flashcards. But I found that it had just because of this little change in the system prompt,
1:18
it had problem creating Enki flashcards in the format that I wanted. And then I'm going to set
1:25
up the message for the user. And the message for the user is going to be something like create
1:29
Enki flashcards with the following text using a format like question answer, which is the format
1:34
that's more easily importable to Enki. And I'm going to give it the clipboard content. And that's
1:42
it. That's the message. And now I can just set up the request to the API. So I'm just sending a
1:49
request to the check completion class, access the create method, and then saying, I'm specifying the
1:55
model to GPT for I'm specifying the messages that I just defined in this variable here, that are
2:01
have the system message and the user message, the system message describing the behavior that I
2:06
expect, and the user message describing what I want specifically, right, that's my actual prompt.
2:12
And then I'm going to set up the temperature to 0.7, which is like traditionally is a good number
2:17
to set for these kinds of things. I'm going to set up the max tokens. And I'm going to create,
2:24
I'm going to save the answer from the model to a variable called generate flashcards.
2:30
And from there, I'm going to save them to a file. And that's pretty much it. I actually
2:37
didn't use Jason. So let's just remove this. And now let's test this out. So what we're going to do
2:43
is I'm going to have I have a paper here. And I'm just going to copy the contents from let's say,
2:53
the beginning of this paper, let's say this was a paper that I was studying and I already read. And
2:58
now I want to kind of like, okay, so I want the some information that's here, I want to save it.
3:03
But I don't want to be creating each Enki flashcard, right? So I copied. So now let's check that I
3:09
copied. Perfect. It's in my clipboard. So now I can just come here and run the script. So I'm
3:15
going to run flashcards, check it to be perfect. And now let's see the magic happen. So I run the
3:23
script, it takes like a few seconds to finish sending the request and getting the response.
3:30
All right, perfect. So now I finished running. So I can access that file. And as you can see,
3:37
it created the flashcards. So what is camel camel stands for communicative agents for mind
3:43
exploration. What is the goal of camel? What is role playing framework? What is inception prompting?
3:50
All useful information that was present in the text. Now I can go to Enki.
3:55
So I can go to Enki right here. And I can import those flashcards directly. You see, it created
4:03
the flashcards front, back, everything is correct. And I can just click import. And now I have the
4:09
flashcards to train to access and etc. So yeah, this approach is really cool. I really like this.
4:16
I like I really like doing this because you know, you can also do it directly with the
4:22
charge PT demo or the charge PT website, which also works really well. But having it as a script
4:29
that copies, I can just, you know, stop not think about it too much and just have it on my clipboard
4:36
and then just run the script. And I can automate the running of the script. So I can just do it
4:41
with a few commands. And I have a bunch of Enki flashcards that usually would have taken me
4:46
quite a few minutes to create. So if you like this video, don't forget to like and subscribe
4:52
and see you next time. Cheers.